Hey, good morning family.
How are you all doing today?
I’m going to talk to you about the angelic visitations I’ve had.
I’ve had several angelic visitations over the years and the Lord has been amazing; I’ve seen some really cool stuff.
This time, we were just praying.
It was a normal night in the same house and everything was the same.
We were praying and went to bed, and all of a sudden my wife and I were woken up out of our sleep.
It was early in the morning and the whole house shook.
It sounded like the whole roof was going to come off our house and my wife said, 'Oh, did you hear that?
' She woke me and I said, 'Yes, I heard it.
It woke me up, too.
I think somebody’s trying to break into our house,' and I said, 'Let me go check.
' I grabbed my pistol and went to check our home to make sure that nobody was there.
All of a sudden, I looked out while standing by the door.
I stood up and my eyes were opened to the spirit realm.
I saw four demons.
They were four demonic spirits covered with scales, with nasty-looking hair growing out of them and warts.
Their eyes were slanted and red.
One had a pig-looking nose with tusks coming up.
The other was completely black; there was no shape to it.
It looked kind of like a ghost, but it was just a black, misty-looking thing.
The others were different shapes.
I’m not going to give any more glory to it, but every single one of them was there, trying to get into the house.
They shook the roof of the house in the natural, and like I said, it startled both of us and woke us up, but they couldn't get in.
The Lord didn't show me this at the time, but I saw them grunting and hissing, carrying on while passing by on the street.
I didn't understand why they couldn't come past.
All of a sudden, I saw massive, humongous angels chained together.
Their arms were linked together, like when you cross your arms with someone else; that’s how they were standing.
They were standing strong, and the demonic spirits were hitting against those angelic beings, but they couldn't get past them.
Every night before we go to bed, we put chain-linked angels all around our house and commission them.
We thank you, Lord, that the angels are surrounding our house, that no devil in hell can come across the bloodline or the angels.
The angels are protecting us as we sleep, just like we prayed.
It took me aback so much that I yelled when I saw this, 'Praise God!
Wow!
Praise the Lord!
' I saw the angels protecting us, and whenever they heard me praising the Lord, they all looked over, turned their bodies, and started looking at me, saying, 'Praise the Lord!
' They started worshiping the Lord with me.
I turned around and said, 'Whoa!
' because it took me aback because it was so loud.
Their voices were so loud it sounded like sirens, like trumpets, like a blast.
'Praise the Lord!
' They didn't say it individually; they said it together.
They said, 'Praise the Lord,' and when they did, it echoed throughout the area.
You could hear it in the spirit realm; it was so loud you would have to hold your ears.
They started praising the Lord with me.
Every time they worshiped, they turned to see what I was doing and as I praised the Lord, they started praising the Lord too.
It became a chain and we just started praising the Lord.
At that time, I saw the glory coming from the heavens through a portal, and I could see shafts of light coming through that portal, making those angels glow.
They started glowing with a heavenly glory even brighter as they praised the Lord.
Those shafts of light were coming out of the heavens and making them stronger—it was like it was giving them 'super juice.
' They were praising the Lord with me and getting shinier.
I had completely forgotten about the demonic spirits because I was caught up in the glory of worshiping the angels at the same time.
Every time I said, 'Thank you, Jesus,' they would say, 'Thank you, Jesus.
' This went on for quite some time.
I was taken aback by what I was seeing in the spirit realm; it really was amazing.
After all this happened, I saw the glory come down.
It was around 4 or 5 in the morning now, and I had to go to work the next day by eight.
I went and laid down a little bit and dozed off, but it was hard to get more rest.
I got to work the next day at the church for an all-staff meeting and the pastor, Pastor Mark, saw me sitting in the front.
I told him, 'I want to tell you what happened last night.
' He said, 'Brandon, I don't doubt it at all.
As you were talking, you were shining.
I can see the glory shining on you.
' There was actually a presence of the Lord on me from the visitation the night before, making me shine a little bit.
Pastor Mark could see the glory on me.
It’s just amazing.
That’s how you know I live by faith.
I expect angelic visitations and manifestations of the glory in my house.
I expect God to do the impossible and I receive it.
Let me tell you another one.
There have been times when I’ve gone through a shady part of town and felt nervous.
One time, I went to the gas station late at night—or it seemed late because it was winter and the sun goes down so early.
I was nervous to get out of the car because of where I was and thought, 'Okay, here we go.
' I went out there, and all of a sudden—because God loves you all and is compassionate—He opened my eyes for my comfort.
He said, 'Look over, son.
' I looked to my left, and there was a massive angel standing there watching over me as I was pumping gas.
The angel was at attention.
He had muscles upon muscles.
He made Arnold Schwarzenegger look like a little weenie, like a little wimpy baby guy, or even some big bodybuilder, Mr.
Universe.
Olympics, like some guy that's ripped and has been eating nothing but protein, but this angel had muscle upon muscle and he was standing there decked out with this garb on, it looked like some kind of armor, and he was looking out at attention, watching over me.
And when I saw that, it took me back.
It took my breath and I went, "Whoa.
" Because it's one of those things that shows God cares.
God cares.
And it blessed me so as he was watching out for me.
It just shows that we have angels that keep charge over us and they bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
He promised us in Psalm 91 that he would do this.
He promised us that he would take care of us.
Do you believe it?
That Jesus is still the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And what he would do for the people in the Bible, he'll do for you.
He'll protect you.
Let me tell you another one.
I was working at the church and I told you all about the healings whenever I'd led prayer and the angels bringing in hearts for people that needed hearts.
For whatever reason, it was another heart testimony and I was just vacuuming the floor and I'm seeing over in this realm of the spirits when this happens.
But this time the angel touched me and I literally thought I was going to come up out of my skin whenever he did it because I felt it on my shoulder and I was the only one in the room vacuuming the church and I went, "Whoa.
" You get a little startled because the angel touched me like that and I turned around and I'm just seeing in the realm of spirit.
It's not a physical manifestation, nothing like that; I'm looking in the realm of the spirit, but he touched me in the natural and he said, "I've come to give Jim a heart.
" He goes, "You need to go and tell Jim that I've brought him a heart.
" He's believing.
He's been praying for a heart.
They're believing for a miracle because Jim had a bad heart.
And he was one of the other janitors on staff.
And his blood pressure would drop bad, really bad.
And he would have to go to the ER all the time.
And it was very serious, some of the stuff that was happening with his heart.
So the angel brought this heart and I could see in the spirit realm like I'm seeing my son right now.
I mean it was that clear and the angel had a heart in his hand just like this—and, you know what, I take that back—it was in both hands.
He had it in there.
He brought it to me and he said, "Go and tell Jim that I brought the heart for him.
" So I said, "Wow, okay, what an honor.
" So I walk down the hall and I get all the way down the hall and Jim was in room number two because the rooms weren't labeled at this church, and he was in room two or three and I was cleaning on the back side of room 24.
Not that that matters but I'm just telling you for the sake of the story.
So I walked down the hall and I went in there and the angel went in there and I told Jim, "Jim, there's an angel of the Lord here and he has brought you a heart.
Do you want to receive it?
I'm going to pray for you and you're going to receive this heart.
" He said, "Man, you ain't seeing nothing, dude.
Whatever.
Like, you're crazy.
Get out of here, man.
" He was totally pooh-poohing me.
Like, "You're a weirdo.
Get out of here.
" And I was like, "No, really.
I really see an angelic being.
He wants to bring you a heart.
He's brought you a heart.
Do you want the heart?
" He goes, "Dude, get out of here.
Stop bothering me.
That's weird.
" I just looked at him and I went, "Okay, fine.
" I was offended a little bit, like, "Whatever, dude.
" I'm telling you, there's an angel here that wants to give you a heart.
Do you want the heart or not?
And I told the angel, I said, "He doesn't want the heart.
You hear what he just said?
" And I said, "I'm out of here.
" And I walked away.
And there's the angelic visitation.
So, I go back and I get the vacuum cleaner again.
And I'm just vacuuming the floors.
And the angel of the Lord taps me on the shoulder again.
He said, "Go one more time and ask Jim if he wants this heart.
" I said, "You heard what he said.
He said he doesn't believe me.
" And he made fun of me.
I don't know what to do.
He said, "Just go ask him one more time.
" I said, "Okay.
" So, I went down there and I said, "Jim, I'm coming because the angel asked me to ask you one more time.
Do you want this heart?
" He said, "You really do see something, don't you?
You do?
Like, Brandon, you really do?
Like, really?
" And I said, "Yeah, I'm telling you.
" He was standing right there.
I told him I could describe what he looked like.
He goes, "Well, yeah.
I need healing.
" And I went over and I said, "In the name of Jesus, I command you to be healed of this heart condition.
" And I watched that angel, I kid you not, drop that heart inside of Jim's chest.
And I just said, "I believe you received it, brother.
" The angel disappeared and was gone instantaneously.
Within, I don't know, 24—whatever, he started getting better.
His heart started getting better.
Now, like I said, I don't know where Jim's at now.
I haven't kept in contact with these people, but I'm telling you at that moment, I believe Jim got a new heart and his flesh started getting better.
Now, Jim got caught up in drugs and alcohol and things like that and he backslid really, really hard.
But I don't know, like I said, I don't know where these people are, but I'm telling you at that moment, I believe with all my heart Jesus Christ gave Jim a heart and the angel brought it.
So, I wanted to encourage you all about that one.
But, like I said, I have so many of these visitations and manifestations and demonstrations of the glory.
I've told you all about my truck.
My truck's supernaturally getting pushed down the highway for two and a half miles from where I live all the way to a gas station off of one of the roads.
I won't tell you because it doesn't matter what street it was, but we were pushed by an angel.
And if you go back and look at that, we ran out of gas.
The gas gauge was out on my truck.
I forgot that I had not put gas in there where we drove to work—it was a long drive.
My wife was pregnant with my daughter at the time and my other two were in the back and it was hot, probably about 97 degrees outside or more.
A hot summer day.
It was in the middle of July.
And my truck turns off in the middle of the highway and I go over to the side.
I put my hazard lights on and I told my wife, "Baby, I'm going to have to walk to the gas station.
" And she's big and pregnant.
And I'm thinking, "This is going to be really, really bad.
" And I just start praying in the spirit.
We're all just praying in the spirit.
And lo and behold, we have this massive boom.
And I think somebody has hit us, rear-ending us from behind, and our whole truck jerked and all of a sudden we started going faster and faster down the highway.
I put my blinker on and I'm riding in the shoulder and I merge onto the highway with the engine off.
Whether you want to believe this or not, it's the truth.
We're going down the highway.
I'm going 70 mph with the engine off, passing people in the left-hand lane as I'm going down the highway with the truck off.
That angel's pushing us all the way down through the—we exit off.
We stop at the stoplight.
The angel pushes us through the stoplight.
Go all the way down to another stop sign and turn right.
It pushes us through it, and then, yank, we get to the gas station, and it yanks the tailgate of our truck and stops us right in front of the pump.
We all started screaming and praising the Lord because it was so supernatural what the Lord had just done right then.
The other people at the other pumps were looking at us like, "What is going on with these people?
" because we were just screaming; it was just one of those moments where you're just shaking because what's happening in the natural is coming from the supernatural and God is coming through for you again.
We got pushed all the way to the gas station.
I've told this story before, but it's worth telling again because it's all God and He's worthy to be praised.
He's been faithful to me, and I've got to give Him the praise for it again.
Then I told you all about the hospital where my wife had no pain.
The angel came in and laid hands on my wife during our first pregnancy.
We were believing for a supernatural childbirth and no pain through childbirth.
My wife was in labor with our daughter, Megan, at the time.
The angel came in and laid his hands on her stomach, and up until my wife was almost completely through delivery, she felt nothing.
She felt contractions—her body was contracting—but she had no pain at all.
Even the doctor and the people coming in—we had family trying to visit, and people go, "Why would you have people come up?
" We learned our lesson.
Family would try to come up and say, "That's impossible.
They say you can't do that.
" All of a sudden, that angel took his hand.
There was so much doubt and unbelief in the room.
I've told you that.
You get shaken by people speaking negatively around you about what God's doing.
Even the doctors were saying that's impossible.
The nurses, they all look at you like you're wild.
They don't understand how my wife was not having any pain during childbirth, but God was doing something supernatural.
This was very vital—it's very important that you learn from this.
Do not let negativity into your hospital room when you are believing for a miracle because it's a robber of your faith.
You hear doubt and unbelief, and just like faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the Word of God, doubt comes by hearing fear.
When Jesus was raising the little girl up from the dead, He made all the other people leave the room that didn't have faith.
He got them out of the house.
There's a reason for that: because it robs faith.
Doubt and unbelief rob you of what you're believing for.
Sometimes you've got to get people out of your room.
Don't let doubt out of your mouth, and don't let people in your room because they speak doubt out of their mouths.
If Jesus were physically on the earth today doing miracles through us, would He tell you to leave the room?
Would He tell you that you don't have faith?
"Get out of here.
" That's what I'm trying to tell you all.
You've got to be like a bulldog on a bone.
You've got to believe God for your miracle and not let the devil come in through doubt and unbelief and rob you of your greatest victories.
He comes in through doubt and unbelief every single time.
These testimonies I'm telling you are meant to stir you up.
The reason why I'm telling you all this is the Lord told me that it's time for His body to start commissioning their angels, saying, "Father, I thank You that the angels are watching over me today.
They will bear me up in their hands, lest I dash my foot against the stone," through Psalm 91.
I thank You that angels are watching me from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
I always call in for prosperity.
Father, I thank You that the angels are going from the north, the south, the east, and the west, bringing finances to me and giving me favor.
We have favor in the name of Jesus.
Thank You for Your angels.
Keep Your angels busy.
People say, "Well, you don't have authority over angels.
" The same Jesus Christ that had authority over the angels dwells on the inside of you.
Do you understand that?
The same Holy Spirit that raised Jesus Christ from the dead dwells on the inside of you.
So if He is dwelling in you and you're seated with Him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers and might, you have it inside of you to do what He did.
The Bible says, "Be ye imitators of God as dear children imitate their father.
" If we're supposed to act like Him and imitate Him, He's able to do it.
As He is, so are you in this world.
It's not rocket science.
If we are as He is and we are supposed to imitate Him, we have commissioning power to commission our angels just as He has done.
We are seated with Him in the heavenlies just like Ephesians talks about.
You all need to read Ephesians.
You need to read who you are in Christ, that we're supposed to be just as He is.
That's why I'm trying to tell you all to do that with your angels.
It works.
I've practiced this and it works.
I'm doing what the Word says I can do.
I can have what the Word says I can have.
And I'm telling you all, you can, too.
He's no respecter of persons.
I made that as simple as I could because we have some people that are real religious and they're kind of thick when it comes to the supernatural.
I try not to be mean, but don't let the comment section tell you, "You don't have power and authority over angels.
" No, I'm an imitator of God.
I'm a joint-heir of Jesus Christ.
I can do what Jesus says I can do.
I can do what the Bible says I can do.
I can have what it says I can have.
And I'm telling you, you can, too.
He's no respecter of persons.
I just want to encourage you all today.
Be active with your angels.
They're here to help you.
They're ministering spirits sent to help you.
God bless you all.
Let me encourage you with some prayer today.
Father, I thank You right now in the name of Jesus for every single person who is represented here.
We call them healed and whole and well.
We thank You for Your angelic beings, Your angels.
They're sent forth to minister to the heirs of salvation.
I thank You, Father, that they're here to protect us and shield us from any calamity.
I thank You, Father, for Your angels that protect us and watch over us and bear us up.
I thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed against us will prosper today.
I thank You that we're in the end times and we commission prosperity angels to go and get our money in the name of Jesus from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
I thank You that You're causing favor to come forth, binding every devil that tries to hinder, harm, or hurt us in any way.
I thank you that you see what we may not.
You have your swords and shields drawn and you're watching over us.
You're watching over my wife and my children today and watching over me.
That, there is no evil satanic agenda that will come nigh us or hurt us or harm us in any way in Jesus' name.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it because of you, Jesus.
You paid the price for us.
Amen and amen.
He's faithful.
And so, I just want to say thank you for watching this video.
If you could like and subscribe.
If you haven't subscribed, click that notification bell.
It helps with the algorithm.
We just want to say thank you all for all your kindness and the love, gifts, and all of it.
You're such a blessing to us.
And we just want to say thank you.
Bless you.
Bless you coming in, going out, and everything.
Lord, you're a true blessing to us.
God bless you all.
He will put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we will see you all next time.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.